# hypixel-comment
no I think he means there's no way you could achieve higher prestiges just by playing the game without buying boosters. And he's definitely right. Right now there's no point in going for kills/assists in pre-dm anymore. You get more coins from rushing and defending and that will also help you to get good deathmatches with high final counts. The economy in this game has changed. In 2015 I grinded 6 months to fully max and prestige zombie (actually with a 4 fkd smh :d) but I had a non account and it was before quests were created and leveling up/getting higher coin multipliers was eased. Only Pre-Eula MvPs had Prestiges and not too many either. Such as now boosters were barely online in early 2015.
 But you got more coins per kill which also kept more "nons" playing the game since they were able to see progress c:. But the game has come to a point where I've spent 1 million coins just to get what? some particles that give you more disadvantages than advantages and the skin of course. Add 750 thousand coins more and you get a golden tag and +1 coin per kill like lmao. (get 750000 kills and what, it was finally worth the coins? :d) The tag only makes you get targetted more I've heard.... The only thing people ever liked about the prestiges was the nice skins c:. And you have to play ages to gain those coins if you don't have a really high network level or are willing to spend your own money to receive cosmetics. Boosters were a part of the network for quite some time and people always could just pay to receive what they want but on the other hand you shouldn't forget the absurd costs for some pretty bad cosmetics such as the tag or the particles.
Also I've spoken to quite a few top players and also to e430, the top1 player until ya know c:. Every single one of them said that there's no point in going for kills anymore. You rather just afk, rush or defend or go for achievements. People don't play to grind coins no more but stats/finals to upgrade classes, go for leaderboards etc. (and fun of course c:) People just buy a booster instead of grinding coins... I mean I've almost got as many FKs as kills and 3 prestige 3s...
At this point of the economy we could just implement a dm only mode but I guess it wouldnt be the same c:
